so we're again we are
um just looking at FFM Peg
okay so if I were to copy this
okay okay
this will
error but what we're going to do is
we're just going
to well first let's see what the error
here is for
it's the exact same script
though why can't I just move it
okay what is packets
return packet
iter for
okay let's try
it I don't really get why I don't think
this is going to work
either
okay is it a version
thing okay packets but then in this
one okay what is p packets
return
pack for
it's got to
be some weird
that's not going to fix it but I
definitely want
that but I'm so confused about
this okay what if we just did this
wait there's two different versions of
image
presumably yeah I have the newer one and
FFM Peg has the older one okay
okay we
back
for for
[Music]
okay so it ran I don't know
why what happens if I go over here and I
change this to that
okay
so packet
itter new next
returns option where's the result
wait here's one thing we can
check we can check that
this
um okay
okay so we are using an older
version where is FFM CIS the third is
that also a
repo or is this in the same
place okay so there's that
okay
I'm fine with that let's just see if we
can run this
thing and then I want to do this I
okay perfect wait okay but some of them
failed that's the interesting
part that's okay I guess I
mean I guess it's fine
okay so but now I want to
yeah
whatever okay
cool but what I would like to
know is what how could I learn what this
feature does
this optional
dependency presumably gives
us
ability wait I could probably look for
config feature
equals
image
H okay that's not that um
that's not that useful actually I don't
think okay what I want to look at is
frame
dot
data okay wait data
does gosh none of this is documented
that's the annoying thing oh wait
planes if index is greater
than wait so if I print out the
Len frame. dat. Len
oh wait a vid what is a video
video wraps a
frame and a frame
is yeah one of these
weird oh I get what this safe wrapper is
right yeah okay that makes sense
actually and then here is our Classic IV
frame so
but this
is out of
bounds but
the shouldn't there
be index
okay wait let's try
this Frame to
plane what is
that shouldn't be
NB for
right dreference as pointer deference
this function. width as us that's
totally
fine um but now the question is how do
you
take okay wait can I just do this frame.
pixel
format oh cool
okay
so
um how to use FFM
Peg CLI to find the pixel format of a
local F video file
but that's because okay but so if we
do uh uh this
is converted pixel format so if we were
to
um
before where we have the actual
frame so wait what does this do this
takes
in oh
decoder is a video as well
well yeah but I think that's a different
video this is a frame video yeah so it's
kind of confusing
okay so if we run this again we should
get
yuv420 then the converted is
RGB which what is the uh
okay wait okay so wait
this RGB
frame is the
key there there's docks on this thing
can I just print out the planes
I why does it say there's only one plane
I want to look
at please be
three okay so all right
interesting
for for
okay so my my guess is that so one okay
let's just
try that so we're going to do save file
2 I don't give a [__] about it at all I
don't give a [__] about it at
all yeah let's just see what happens
okay that's fantastic all right so
so instead of
this we
need from raw that's what we
had data. 2ve okay so the only thing
that we really needed to do that's new
is we need to run this
scaler okay so we're going to do
this okay so we need the context decoder
and then that needs the input and the
input is the tricky
part
because I don't know how to construct
that
input like can I just
manually oh wait I just called
rap okay
cool okay
so in
here in Old the annoying thing about
this is I actually want
to we can delete all of these
examples okay now I I'm going to move
this here and then I want
to figure out how to do
this in oh wait I can I should just use
this
more okay um
how do you register that it has an
example if I just put it in
examples okay so first off this should
be like
that fantastic so okay so that just
works that that's what I should do from
now on because it's so annoying that you
don't get the the highlighting unless
it's main out
RS so okay so now we need to copy over
the scaler we need to change
the could not run graph oh
wait
okay all right that that's
fine cuz all we need to
do I should rewrite this okay let's get
it working and then I'll rewrite it so
what we need to do is we need
to take
the AV format context and wrap it so
let's just do
that so we have format context format
context format context so where is this
guy
once we have the stream once Cod ID once
we have all of this read
frame the mutation of all this it's like
this very nested Deep Web that's the
nice thing about the
rust bar sematics is that you don't get
as confused about what is changing what
like AV read frame I can imagine that
this
uh so wait how are we reading a
frame
here receive frame
all
right here's what I'm going to
do I'm going to take
this actually wait I'm going to take the
old copy this
okay so now we're going to
say we need to set
up the
thing so first
off we do this that's the first
thing second
thing is the format
name okay then we get an input
format is there such a thing
cuz that needs to be in an unsafe but
wait can I just do
this oh wait like
that oh actually you know what I don't
want the semicolon but I want the
semicolon here that's actually true all
right so that's all
good
okay moving on so now we have the input
[Music]
format which what is the meaning of
this who knows
okay we have options we don't need to
set that
really
uh okay the URL is device name I'm going
to copy this over here but we're not
going to use it yet and I want to look
at Main
input okay so that's that's fine so
we're we can do
that this is all in an unsafe but it
returns so it matches
this and if we're
[Music]
good we get the stream info and what
does
it okay yeah and if it finds the Stream
interesting
okay
for
e for
okay so all we need to
do is not call this but we need to make
one of
these
so input format so we will do that we'll
say
um uh we probably should air handle
wait that's not what I want to look at I
want to look at this
yeah that's really interesting because
this input thing it just does not have
one that lets you pass in the
format and the input format for
us is this dshow thing
okay fine
all right so let's just do this
unsafe AV format open input the
parameters are going to
be AV format context so
um um
okay so the
URL
is
um the URL
is here the
URL is the device name
okay the format is all good and the
options we'll do this
too okay so now we're going to say
uh input wrap this
thing context input which input is
it format context input
okay I don't know what the difference is
but that's it's okay to
me quick fix
import context
input let input equal
this then what's wrong
here expected raw pointer found
i32 right so what actually
happens in the input function
opens the input if it's a
zero returns okay input r Wait greater
than or equal to zero returns an okay
context input wrap
pointer PS so I see
okay so in RS PS is a null pointer so
here's what we do
if this supposed to be
a you have to D reference here
okay whatever let's just assume that
we're all
good all right so now we have our
input so I'm actually going to probably
copy this over to
here
I wish I would just go through
and I wish I could just rapid fire do
that like I do something and it just
opens up all the dialogues
this returns a result okay fine
so
uh you know what I'm thinking I'm
thinking we just move
this
here and now we have an input of type
input and here we do just or hold on
in I don't
know
Ina
okay so honestly that might
work cannot open
file oh wait but um
okay let's just rename this to I
TX okay we still got an eror
status access valuation
okay so the problem is almost
certainly okay so why does this
fail status access violation
what is just status access Val what does
that even mean
this going to fail too okay so for
oh wait this is going to be unsafe
I should be able to
get the name out of
it so why doesn't this work
like that's weird
but if I do
this wait I am running new
though I am
confused okay
for for
not even a real
thing total hallucination
oh you know what
then in here we do the same
thing but doesn't even get to this other
a which
means so this fails
but are we trying to find a codec or we
trying to find an input format
so there's no wrapper I guess there's no
safe wrapper for this function or
something okay can I just do this
oh gosh
oh wait bro
wait a minute but okay
so we don't get to this thing do
we oh we do
okay we get to this
thing we don't get there but if I
comment this out do we get there
Okay so
well that's progress sort
of for
now if I move it
inside oh wait
what is AV input format that is a
question to
ask I love that they just don't have
an dude I love that they just are like
we don't tell you what it is but we tell
you
God damn I I feel like I was so close
but why
no way this changes anything right
oh wow so AV device register all
actually does do something
all right well that's pretty cool okay
so let's just go back
here the format needs to go in
here I don't know why you can't print
the
oh
wow wait but why is it all the
same image
I don't get why it's the same
image but that is
awesome Okay so
okay so taking a pick from a webcam in
Rust FFM Peg and uh what exactly do we
do using image
to right I mean that's pretty great I am
very surprised that we got that far
but I don't get why the images are all
the
same like these are definitely the exact
same image
right is it not let's try to write
into first off
we're writing it to
frames
okay and then let's
write
time leap in micros
seconds let's
do
1,000 as u32
um and if I equals let's say 50 cuz that
was all within 1 second so it could
be andan that's still really
fast oh okay yeah cool so there are
different
it's going way too fast though we need
to like limit the frame
rate all let's run it
again
nice very nice okay cool FFM Peg is not
that bad
okay well that was very productive I
think I want to
so wait what are we even doing here I
don't even know what I want to do now
it was fast though that that was kind of
amazing how fast it
was I mean I feel like the network
inference is probably what was
dominating the other
example oh yeah okay so now we want to
stream so now we just want to stream our
webcam it's R script that uses pure FFM
Peg bindings to stream to some rtmp
thing this is going to be annoying to
do without leaking a stream
key okay
[__] come on
man okay so
maybe I don't know what it is but it
always seems
like it's easier to get the examples
working in Rust than it is to use
C I don't know why that
is wait can I set the frame rate
here for
I wish these had dock strings
Man Okay so this was the key is that you
needed to use this
scaler can I just print out scaler
dot
um I think I need to
do do as pointer maybe I can't
dereference this I don't know
I don't like
this okay dot What
DOT see if this
works where can I get the fields of this
thing
man
context okay as pointer then dfference
do I need to dreference
it
differently I'm so confused though
oh God see this is what I'm saying man
like what why is this thing like
this
so like I just want to know okay Source
format that's actually what it was and
it and it all right it's y UV Yu yv 422
Okay
cool so
now so now that we
can do
that we need to okay so I'm just going
to say
this undo all of that
okay let me just make sure that this
runs
cool the interesting thing is that when
it opens up it's like way too
bright okay
so this script
Su
successfully captures 50
frames from the
webcam but now I want to learn how to
stream this to a RTM R rtmp
server to stream video frames to an rtmp
server using rust and FFM Peg you will
need to perform several
steps okay
I need to make a
dummy you need to make a
dummy stream or
something or it could just hide it in an
environment variable
I think I'll probably do that and then
just make sure to not print
it okay so let's go through
this encode the FRA the video
frames and write them to the rtmp server
in the correct format
is there a output function there
probably is Right a highle output
function
so this probably does basically the same
thing and it returns an input
what it does the exact same thing except
whatever they had to change
this okay
encoder find
[Music]
h264 add a
stream I don't I don't know if any of
this is
right this part is definitely going to
be harder than capturing the
frames um
well the nice thing is that we won't
have to
um scale use the scaler to change the
pixel format cuz
um h264 I guess support oh actually you
know what that is not the but it doesn't
know what my pixel format
is but it's almost a guarantee that h264
supports Yu
i422 that's the presentations timestamp
okay encoder to receive packet output
context write packet
that's it I feel like there's no way
that's as easy as it
is output context manages the connection
and streaming to the rtmp server you
specify the server URL when creating it
where's the stream key
though I'm guessing that you it's the
full thing where you put the stream key
at the
end each frame must be encoded and then
sent
so I
guess for
the encoder handles the decision making
and processing needed for interframe
compression to determine the best way to
compress a sequence of
frames okay so if we look at that
encoder what is the type of the
encoder do we even have an
encoder e
so that returns a
decoder all right okay
okay what's going
on dude what is up with these [__]
graphic designers
spamming I don't get it what is the
grift it's
like I don't get
it just a massive Army of fake graphic
designers on Twitch
my guess is it's still real people cuz
it would be pretty
crazy to set up a grift operation that
like real time trans you know does
speech to text
transcription and then chats like a fake
conversation to try to get someone to
buy some [__] art
I don't get
it okay
whatever okay so maybe the next step
maybe the next step is instead
of writing
pngs we're going to try to
capture uh webcam video we're going to
try to do
um
I'm actually surprised at how well this
all
worked no that's
weird why why is the old planes one it
was three on the old
camera okay
okay so let me see if I know how to do
this so I'm pretty sure it's going to
be D show so this is the
format then the
input is going to be video
equals Microsoft
okay perfect so
so that's all Gucci
perfect okay so the next step is
to
for
for all right so this is what I'm going
to do I'm going to copy
this I'm going to
do
web
cam frame
cap
okay now here we're going to start all
over for
okay
so there's there's F ofm
Peg okay so this will be list
devices for
wait
oh wait I probably have to put this up
above for
I don't understand um
this seems like a cop out man
say
int
for for
yeah nit input
oh wait there's an AV device list
devices that's probably pretty useful
there any examples on how to use this
[__]
thing for
wait do you need that
sh for
um what the hell am I doing oh
yeah oh what the
heck
for for
wait is that during
compilation no
what even is
that the D drive
I wish I could do
let for
can I just set it
what is
s the
context oh
cool didn't listen any but it didn't
fail either oh it did
fail
for
for for
how do I get the blame on
this with it properties for
let's find
wow this guy's a
beast actually you know what I shouldn't
do
that for
anyways
um for
okay to hell with the list devices thing
let's close
everything
for
for for
what the hell is going on here
what the
hell what is going on here it stopped at
the exact
same
point that is totally
insane if it does it again I'm going to
be really
confused okay that's different
code for
let's
see my guess is that this is totally
wrong errors errors errors yep
right it's hallucinating a whole bunch
of stuff uh
AV
find all right format
name as pointer
AV format open
input that is correct this is
wrong yeah it's pretty stupid Jesus it's
pretty
stupid um okay
okay so there we go so we got
that okay input stream blah blah blah
blah blah blah
output the output file okay we're just
going to do
that it doesn't take anything else and
this probably needs to be a C string
new and then this needs to be as
pointer what's
wrong oh wait no you know what that's
actually because this is our handy
dandy we just need
to Output can I just call that into
as ref
path what the hell is going on here
what about
this what the
[__] as ref path
what
the freak
man do I just have to do
this
okay I don't know why I didn't get a
quick fix for that thing
expected codec found ID is this a real
thing okay that's a real thing so wait
[Music]
encoder
codec new from
find find by
name find by
ID find by name okay okay let's go to
this guy
find F ofm is that a real thing or is
that my [__] that's probably
fake encoder find codec ID none okay so
that's what we
want in
coder find
see let mute encoder equal
that okay. unwrap Dov
video and then I probably have to do do
unwrap again I want to just run this oh
wait it's not going to run okay encoder
set bit
right that's of type audio
fantastic oh it's probably set right
wait hold
on wait what
well I don't get
it what even is this type okay it's a
wrapper around a codec and AV
codec supported frame rates I want that
I want that I want it I want it I want
it I want
it
for for
Jesus Christ okay fine so let's get that
let's get that stuff I want to just do
this for right
now I don't know what any of that means
this is what I was thinking
of it's probably 2 years
old oh interesting
it's based on FFM
Peg it's probably using yeah FFM peg
next and D you know
what hey this looks like a kind of nice
API to automate video surveillance
where are
they
huh
well I'm not doing a [__] ad for them
all
right what what is
next okay so I just want to see if this
will run
okay so now I want the
supported can I just do
this first off let's just try to print
will this
work wait does did this work I forgot
unsafe
here as
pointer star did this work
okay but I don't want to use this I want
to use
AV one I want to be the cool kid
wait but I don't want to use liba a I
want to use the other
one how do
I okay I'll use this but I want to set
the back end how do I set the back all
right whatever we'll use lib a for
now oh but you know what I probably can
set
okay wait
um okay
whatever now I want to know how to set
it's an encoder but I have a video
[Music]
okay so here now we probably can do
this wait that's a codec but I want an
encoder
that's a codec bro I don't want the
codec I want an
encoder so how do I do that
[Music]
there a Cod context
I'm bumbling around let me read some
more of the examples CU I'm sure that
these examples
I need to cut the stream short
um uh at like 12:45 I think
okay
so output stream index
decoder encoder
takes a
stream let's see what's the usage of
this example CU this might be a pretty
quick okay
okay so I'm going to write a
function
for for
you know I don't
care are we're going to just copy
this for
I just want to try running this thing
good
f
for
for for
this thing sucks man come on
the hell
the hell is going
on for
wow is it really that
slow for
no I feel like it's
broken there's no way the av1 is this
bad oh my God it actually might be that
bad
okay I can't be
bothered two frames a
second wait 50 is bad
right Ultra
fast for
dude there's no way that's true
andan this is just ridiculous no
freaking GP
bro this is literally a joke
how is av1 that
slow that doesn't even make
sense for
oh my
God that was three years
ago is av1 still total garbage
that's great I like
that just use it just use Google
computers
h
okay
wait I can't be bothered with
this I just can't believe that's really
how slow it is
I mean
I'm just surprised that it's really that
much better
I agree
bro look elsewhere dumbass
bro this comment is so hilarious stop
using this stupid nerd
[Laughter]
codec oh my
God I want av9 to be
good e
I mean for real though
it's written in C++
right I just can't believe how slow it
is like is it going to get
better is there a plan to make av1
useful at
all like I just can't imagine anyone
using av1 to encode like
it was dummy slow it was it was
120th of a frame per second or something
no no no no that's not right what was
it what am I trying to build well I'm
trying to build kind of like an
OBS uh command line tool I guess I mean
basically I just want to learn FFM Peg
but the goal would be to uh maybe make a
little o uh gooey written in
Rust um oh [__] I've dropped 30% of my
frames I guess my internet did go out
for a while and I had no idea anyways
um yeah so right now I have this thing
that I can run so um I have a second
webcam that's not open in OBS so I can
use it so if I do this
this okay so that wrote 50
frames to my
um
computer and here's the script it opens
the
webcam it um
opens it as an
input then it um then I Define a scaler
that converts it from whatever Yu yv to
RGB then I use the image
crate here to make it an RGB
image like this after
applying the scaler so after the scaler
I just save the file
did I miss you is it way no no you I saw
your comment pretty let's
see you still watching
anyway so the next step is to
um to try to encode a
video I thought it was going to be all
cool and use av1 but I just learned that
av1 is like the slowest encoder of all
time so I will definitely be using
264 hold on
let's
see
okay this is not what I
saw at all for
me it could be that it's just not using
my
GPU because I have a really I'm on a
laptop and I have a really old
GPU is my audio too low no it doesn't
look
like audio might be a little low
all right let's
see CU it was so freaking slow for
me there's no Legend how do I even oh no
there's no
Legend for
I mean that is just insane
is
av1 excites me as a open source
Enthusiast but as a a
realist this is how I feel it's a stupid
nerd codec for
nerds yo what's up if you are if you're
coming in here to try to get me to buy
some graphic design [__] I'm not
having it okay you're not thank God had
a bunch of nonsense
lately okay well in that case let's go
back to work
so we're going to
have enough money no no dude what I'm
saying is a bunch of people are coming
to my stream like three at this point
and they're like look at my art I'm an
artist and I help streams and it's like
some weird scam where their graphic
designer trying to sell me
something no I I don't want money from
you bro I just want to get this thing to
work honestly
I think I have to go pretty soon because
I have to do this volunteering
thing um so here's what I'm going to
do all right we're going to try
to given an input file transcode all
video streams into h264
okay so we're going to just try to do
this and then I'm going to copy that
video and we can delete
this oh you hate FFM Peg what do you use
instead
I mean I honestly kind of hate FFM Peg
too it's such a pain in the ass bro it's
literally such a pain to
use but I feel like I'm getting the hang
of it but it's just like just simple
stuff is like totally like 300 lines of
code to take a picture it's
like I was sending the robot's camera to
the computer and it was delayed by a
second and a
half what were you writing it in because
if you're writing it in
Python that makes some sense
because well I I don't know what you
were doing I'd have to read it but like
I was looking at the python FFM Peg
library and all it is is a wrapper
around the CLI it it doesn't actually
give you lib access so like you're
starting up the whole thing every time
you invoke one of those commands it
seems like
uh but the server didn't I was looking
at G
streamer
uh I was looking at G
streamer I heard that they're writing a
bunch of it in Rust
actually the thing is everyone uses
um everyone uses FFM that's a
thing if you're going to go to gitlab
you better set up a mirror I hate these
people that are like we use gitlab well
I'm not
contributing let's see is there an
examples
folder nope
are they the same
thing I mean just the way this makes it
sound G streamer seems better
wait
does um well okay for me rust just makes
life the life the like project
management is so much easier like to be
able to do dependency management without
having to deal with cmake and a whole
bunch like I don't want to learn a new
language just to like build my project
so I feel like it just makes things
easier um
plus plus the tooling the tooling is so
good man these inline hints all I have
to do is type cargo run and it runs my
[__] like there's too much mental
overhead of thinking about linking
libraries and like like if you want to
be some like grunts sitting in a
basement like Dash I include folder like
go ahead but I don't really care about
any of that I just want to do something
so I like rust
and yeah I I like
rust okay so presumably there
is okay sends Flash video content okay
so that's what you
want also the FFM Peg docs are total
garbage whenever you Google something it
gives you like FFM Peg to it's
ridiculous that's cool you were building
a robot though dude I want to know about
that what I'm what I I want to do with
this too is I want to build not a robot
necessarily but like a
um like a
uh uh there's this thing called obsbot
it's a it's a like a product that you
buy the first language I Learned was PHP
I said I didn't want to learn another
language
yeah oh yeah I mean especially starting
with PHP I've never learned PHP to be
honest
um all right let's move this
back but anyway so there's this thing
called obsbot and
obsbot uh lets
you it's just a Tracker it's a camera
for streamers that tracks you but the
thing is it's this Chinese crap and it
has its own proprietary app and a whole
bunch of nonsense in it so I want to
build an open source version so streamer
can like have a a set of tools and
Hardware that they could either put
together themselves or maybe sell at you
know a slight
profit um but I want to manufacture
something because I did some Electronics
projects earlier and I I'm like super
into this open Hardware thing but I need
to get all the software right I feel
like uh but I have some servos and an
Arduino upstairs and
hopefully uh hopefully soon I
mean technically oh wait let me show you
another demo that I
have this let's see if this
will work hold
on
um
okay so I have been playing around with
this uh this neural network inference
engine called Onyx runtime all right so
let's see where do I open
the see where's the camera camera camera
camera
where's the capture Loop okay so we want
the old capture
Loop we want the old capture
Loop and we want to
initialize camera
index uh
see if this
works okay wait what
happened probably something
stupid
oh I don't care okay all right so here
we go I think this will
work build times are crazy
though oh okay oh yeah you know what
that's true huh
so Capt predict Loop this one
where did
I fail to run
inference hold
on
um where is the part where I prep image
and
infer this needs to be
oh God I
forgot I forgot what I
did um
yep are you using yeah no so what I'm
doing is I'm taking the
um yeah dude is so true you can never do
anything you're like okay no it's going
to work takes 20 more minutes um so I
think the models were all trained using
python so there was two models there was
this neural Style transfer one which
presumably actually I can have work so
let's go to function
main Let's see we want to do this
one and then we probably still want
cameras one let's try to run
this
um hopefully this will
work okay
so the picture is oh wait here hold on
okay so now it's it's doing neural style
transfer on my
webcam um but the thing that I really
want is I wanted the bounding box so
this other model that I'm running which
is this RFB 320 model
supposedly will let
me would lets me draw a bounding box
prep image and infer this is probably
what's
wrong oh wait you know what it is I know
what it is I'm I'm just a
dumbass I need to do
this okay then change that okay this is
probably going to work
okay so let's see hopefully it
works okay so now I have a bounding box
and what I want to do is Mount my
camera which is
this to
a uh couple of servos and then let's see
if I can get this right okay mount it to
a couple of servos and then
um have it try to send the face on the
screen by following it
around uh I don't I need to profile it I
think I
can you I am using
Cuda in the runtime but I haven't
learned enough about the the the the
runtime to actually verify that it
really is using it I think it is but you
know cuz if you look in here the and I
print out the
session
um execution providers Cuda but it
doesn't I don't know I'm not positive
that it really
is uh because it's slow it's like pretty
slow like 7 FPS is not as F you know I
would like it to be
faster um
Okay cool
so okay let me add a
RFB uh Onyx
models Ultra face it
is that I
think body analysis
object I don't think it's those I think
it's in
here this has
like more than a thousand models in
it Onyx uh face section let me try to
find this
thing [__] I should have written it down
I don't know where I put it
there's that model but where is the
other
model hold on give me a
second okay
um it is called Ultra face onx Ultra
face I think that actually is what it
is okay
so the two
support oh my
gosh okay so I'll just make a
[Music]
commit revert
to Box
model okay
whatever so that is sort of the first
axis on what I'm doing but
uh yeah there's so much of pain in the
ass stuff that needs to happen to be
able to do
anything okay so what are we doing here
we're looking
at transcoding
because the next step that I want to do
is just know how
to take
my webcam and save it to a
video with rust as opposed to from the
command
line but I will be back I need to go to
the
bathroom
for
for for
okay so what are we doing we need to
read this thing I'm going to is this a
playable video no so we can close this
close this close close that okay so here
I'm going to
take you can't play mkvs
what the
hell Okay cool so we're gonna just copy
this
over see
here we're going to try to do uh CR
release
example
transcode uh vid 2. MP4
okay oh wait did I need to provide a
codec I thought this was identical this
is the old version right
I'm pretty sure that this is exactly how
it
was okay that's
fantastic wait
okay well that is great love
it I love
it can I just give it none can I give it
a open with
let's see let's see what it says to do
does this fail for the other FFM Peg
Library they're probably
identical but you know what maybe it's
worth trying this is the last thing I
can try before I have to go do something
okay I'm going to
copy this video
again okay this should be the
identical identical thing but we're
going to see if it
runs so
does anyone else know about
this do these the these examples
actually get
um
run what even happens in these
tests
e
e e